add contributing.md (#418)
canonical/parca-k8s-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub Lines of Code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/canonical/parca-k8s-operator)
![GitHub Watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/canonical/parca-k8s-operator?style=social)

This documents explains the processes and practices recommended for contributing enhancements to this operator.

- Generally, before developing enhancements to this charm, you should consider [opening an issue](https://github.com/canonical/parca-k8s-operator/issues) explaining your use case.

> - If you would like to chat with us about your use-cases or proposed implementation, you can reach us at [Canonical Mattermost public channel](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev) or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).

Reviewer: Mattermost is now Matrix:
```suggestion
- If you would like to chat with us about your use-cases or proposed implementation, you can reach us at [Canonical Observability Stack Matrix public channel](https://matrix.to/#/#cos:ubuntu.com) or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).
```
